Added watch to glossary (#47067)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/using-api/api-concepts.md

log retrievals), and can accept and serve those resources in different
representations for convenience or efficiency.

> Kubernetes supports efficient change notifications on resources via *{{< glossary_tooltip text="watches" term_id="watch" >}}*.

Reviewer: You can use the glossary definition here:
```suggestion
Kubernetes supports efficient change notifications on resources via
_watches_:
{{< glossary_definition prepend="in the Kubernetes API, watch is an" term_id="watch" length="short" >}}
```

Author: Alright. I'll add this.

log retrievals), and can accept and serve those resources in different
representations for convenience or efficiency.

Kubernetes supports efficient change notifications on resources via
_watches_:

> {{< glossary_definition prepend="in the Kubernetes API, watch is an" term_id="watch" length="short" >}}

Reviewer: One more thing to change:
```suggestion
{{< glossary_definition prepend="in the Kubernetes API, watch is" term_id="watch" length="short" >}}
```

Author: Noted. yes. that needs to be removed.
